Hello
Yes, I think the kana Let's take slaves provided Hey the first time in a long time It is a sweat this time Nde in
I will show you a little bit of things I will introduce from the file
Well, was so well there was one likely because ne
I think if you can stop and see
Well, but I think that easy-to-read I wonder if is in its own way because the side-by-side in the comparatively Well rank order
If there is a card that I do not understand well
I think you can meet if you ask
I'm the one, and recently it's pretty well launched and it 's a new project for Raptors
So much yourself it's already going but I feel in Tsu Na whether quite popular for
Since I have not bought a card, I can only increase the number because it is just a school root
Well nowadays I myself too
I 'm almost making a study, but from ddi
ddi I have not made my own
It is pretty well is
But I'm using the q 2 in the fine old
Well do you think that you want to make something new deck soon
I wonder
I really like this
Not can things
I have not made a Maggie but I think it might be interesting if the price is quite reasonable
But
Well, let's take a real 3 back in March
Well buy it right
If you can make it, it will make you feel it
Go ahead now
I died in do high a fine of entering the green tea cafe that it
I think that it will go out to look for the creation, but I wonder if it will be put up there
It is a teacher that Masuna-chan is all great.
Something seems to be pretty good and something like 0
Suddenly Gane quite be or chat immediately Lee irrespective of was resold in the sold out
The smarty person wo n't win because it's a win
Level 43 Volume Older Sister Sharon
Yeah I think you have less guess at Toka number car road
I wonder if this shadow is bad
Source of three companies
After the ambassador of fun, the company is the same place
Follow
I'm going to retire in a yearly event at Clifford
It seems that good people are in it
I think that is the influence of that
It's kind of like the meat is up but it's also a plan
It was good now, but it is being reprinted
After all you can not be a real enemy
Yes here is infinite collection
For the time being files are above
So I think it's hot and I'll go into Paris and introduce a catch card.
Well I don't think there are so old cards
I think I'm going to
There Then he a little taste
Is it otherwise
There O'and
Oh such 3
I still even if it takes regulation as the value cross gold split
Assistant principal wait until not go yet
It is quite proud of its strength
I thought that Clifford was quite strong by myself , but the water hall
It is the largest to say still more likely to be measures from the side neither something so
Burone N
Since quite painful and basically would be the
If it is the winter season from now on, I can do it, if you have a part you want
Well period
I and 4 so much that I had retracted marmot
Well Well Ku report has still search means been destroyed this way it another two-car
Because I'm gone
After all it may be a feeling that it is severe
It is a fairly strong deck if 2 is not broken
On the contrary , it's really serious to lose and break
Really Lee It Well Is Well like that or that the merits and demerits
It is true that the limit revision is
I thought it was falling, though
Still
Is whether there is a difficult place, such the Nde do to be stopped competing and I thought the match
It's Masu Kanjigashi
Since all is here, but the It is the provision of six Bushu minute It is here that the English version
I don't know if you would like to be honest but I have no idea
I think I'll tell you only that I can offer
I think that there is no one who hopes well in the English version in Kelpshu quite well
but
What is it you can here in the want can
Thank you very much for trading between decks.
If it 's not good, I will not have it anymore
Infidelity and positive
Even messing do I'm well too a little while ago I think I like that there is no Toka Army to Rokubu crowd
Well it if there was no
If there is no scale
When I was older brother
I think I'm going to be able to fight, give and extra
Two Tamai Town scenes can be provided. One is the English version and one is the best.
If you have either the rear or Hoshi extra also I heard I Nde also before other than this
I think if you can
This side is yeah
It was not at all cheap, even I Well best drink English version
Well here and there
Even if it is received
I don't know but I'm not feeling like this
I think that one is coming to an end Well Well I want with a card I what was found
I hope this is a hope if you can return it after it rains
Well Well because the card is a Well that is written in Hey painful and I thought that or less was the column
I What if in binge Taka Mochotto possible
So would go to Toka Well what or white a deck Perth who thinks one and Na want this
I think the kana also Well okay if I have to iron land
Try to hear it 's strange you have Well archipelago a Do I think yes this time this town if you can of
The
me